LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
ADRIAN, WHAT'S IT LIKE
TO BE AN ELITE OPERATIVE FOR
THE GECKO FINANCIAL GROUP?
QUIT STALLIN'! TIME'S UP!
NOW HAND OVER THAT CARD!
EARN IT!
NO MORE GAMES!
WHAT DID YOU DO?
Jaden: HEY,
SOMETHING'S MOVING!
IT'S VIPER!
WHERE COULD HE BE GOIN'?
YA THINK HE WANTS US
TO FOLLOW HIM?
WELL,
LET'S FIND OUT!
Boy of Light:
ADRIAN...
DO YOU LIKE TO PLAY GAMES?
I CAN READ YOUR MIND.
IT'S MY FAVORITE GAME
TO PLAY.
AND THIS GAME IS
JUST GETTING STARTED.
Viper:
JADEN, WITH YOUR ASSISTANCE,
I WILL COMPLETE MY MISSION!
Jaden:
I'M NOT HELPING YOU
WITH ANYTHING!
GOT THAT?
WE'LL SEE.
Jim: LOOKS LIKE HE'S
TAKING US TOPSIDE, MATES!
THE ONE I WANT
IS JADEN YUKI!
LOOKS TO ME
LIKE IT'S TIME TO GET
YOUR GAME ON, VIPER!
TO START,
I'LL SUMMON VENOM SNAKE!
CAREFUL OF HIS BITE.
YOU SEE, ONCE PER ROUND,
MY SNAKE CAN STRIKE ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS DIRECTLY.
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
VENOM SWAMP.
WELCOME TO THE MUCK.
WITH THIS FIELD SPELL,
ALL MONSTERS THAT ARE
NON-VENOM ARE POISONED.
SOON YOUR ENERGY WILL
BE ALL MINE
AND THE AWAKENING
SHALL COMMENCE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Viper: HOW DO YOU LIKE
MY VENOM SWAMP SO FAR?
THIS SNAKE PIT BITES!
HA HA HA HA!
MY VENOM SWAMP IS
A TREACHEROUS PLACE
TO PLAY.
JADEN, YOU SHOULD WATCH
WHERE YOU STEP.
Adrian: LET ME DOWN.
WHAT'S WRONG?
DON'T YOU WANT
TO SEE JADEN PAY
FOR WHAT HE DID?
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO,
VIPER,
AND THEN YOU'LL GET
YOUR REWARD.
[THINKING]
IT SHALL BE DONE.
GAME ON! AND I PLAY
A SPELL CARD:
POLYMERIZATION!
AND WITH IT,
I'LL FUSE ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN
AND BLADEDGE
TO FORM...
ELEMENTAL HERO
PLASMA VICE!
PLASMA?
THAT'S QUITE
THE SOLDIER!
HE MUST BE
A NEW RECRUIT!
NOW! PLASMA VICE,
ATTACK WITH
PLASMA PULSATION!
UH!
ALL RIGHT!
GOOD SHOT, JAY!
WAY TO BITE BACK!
IMPRESSIVE MONSTER.
ENJOY IT NOW.
IT WON'T BE AROUND MUCH LONGER.
I PLAY...
MY SNAKE WHISTLE!
WHEN YOU ATTACK AND DESTROY
A REPTILE MONSTER, GUESS WHAT?
THIS TRAP LETS ME CALL
UPON ANOTHER ONE!
BUT I'M NOT DONE!
NEXT I REVEAL A FACEDOWN!
THE TRAP,
DAMAGE EQUALS REPTILE!
WITH THIS IN PLAY,
I CAN SUMMON ANY MONSTER
I CHOOSE TO THE FIELD.
OF COURSE, ITS ATTACK POINTS
MUST TOTAL THE DAMAGE I TOOK
FROM YOUR PLASMA VICE'S ATTACK.
WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S TWO MONSTERS
YOU HAVE TO FACE.
HERE'S ONE!
VENOM BOA!
AND NOW THE SECOND!
VENOM SERPENT!
AND DON'T FORGET,
AT THE END OF EACH TURN,
VENOM SWAMP'S EFFECT
ACTIVATES,
WHICH MEANS NOW
A SNAKE INJECTS
YOUR MONSTER WITH POISON,
DRAINING
500 ATTACK POINTS.
OH, NO!
IF THOSE SNAKES
KEEP ATTACKIN',
JADEN WON'T LAST
MUCH LONGER.
WE GOTTA FIND A WAY
TO HELP HIM!
ANYBODY GOT
ANY BRIGHT IDEAS?
I SAY WE DO
A LITTLE SEEK
AND DESTROY!
JAY DOESN'T NEED
ANY HELP!
SHOW HIM
WHO'S DA MAN!
[THINKING]
I WOULD IF I WASN'T
SO SWAMPED RIGHT NOW.
IT'S MY TURN AGAIN.
I DRAW!
BUT FIRST,
MY VENOM SERPENT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES,
WHICH ALLOWS MY SWAMP
TO RELEASE YET ANOTHER SNAKE
TO DRAIN YOUR PLASMA'S
ATTACK POINTS.
AND NOW, VENOM BOA
INFLICTS TWICE THE PAIN,
AS HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
ALLOWS TWO MORE SNAKES
TO DRAIN 1,000 OF YOUR
HERO'S ATTACK POINTS!
THEY'RE EATING HIM
ALIVE!
DOES ANYONE HAVE
ANY ANTI-VENOM?
PLASMA SURE
COULD USE SOME
OVER THERE.
AND NOW, I SACRIFICE
BOTH MY VENOM SERPENT
AND MY VENOM BOA!
THEIR LOSS IS MY GAIN!
COME FORTH, VENOMINON,
THE KING OF POISONOUS SNAKES!
HEY!
[THINKING]
IT'S GOT ZERO
ATTACK POINTS?
RUBY, THAT SNAKE MUST
HAVE ONE HECK OF
A SPECIAL ABILITY.
AND I HAVE A FEELING
VIPER'S GONNA SHOW
WHAT IT IS!
[THINKING]
WHAT'S THAT
VENOMINON GONNA DO
WITHOUT ANY
ATTACK POINTS?
MY KING MAY LOOK WEAK
RIGHT NOW,
BUT FOR EACH ONE OF
HIS REPTILE SUBJECTS
IN MY GRAVE,
HIS HIGHNESS GAINS
500 POINTS.
WITH THREE ALREADY THERE,
HE GAINS 1500 ATTACK POINTS.
NOW HE GETS
THE ROYAL TREATMENT!
VENOMINON! ATTACK!
GO, FANGED VENOM!
AND FINALLY,
I SHALL PLAY A FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR TURN, JADEN.
GOOD LUCK.
Jesse: VIPER!
I'M NOT BUYING
ALL OF THIS!
ME AND RUBY HERE ARE
SMELLIN' SOMETHING FOUL
IN THE AIR!
AND I'M NOT TALKING
ABOUT YOUR SWAMP!
WHO ARE YOU WORKIN' WITH?
NO MORE LIES!
NOW 'FESS UP!
SPILL THE BEANS,
AND YOU TELL US
WHAT THIS IS REALLY
ALL ABOUT!
YA GOT THAT, VIPER?
MY, MY, WHAT EVER
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
DON'T PLAY DUMB, VIPER!
UH, YEAH.
WE'RE TOO SMART
TO FALL FOR
THAT OLD TRICK.
AT LEAST
THEY ARE.
WELL, THEN, SINCE
YOU'RE ALL SO EAGER
TO FIND OUT...
I'LL SAY!
HOW ABOUT A LITTLE
SHOW AND TELL?
CRIKEY!
EWW!
WHATCHA GOT THERE,
A CASE OF POISON OAK?
A FEW YEARS AGO,
I WAS THE LEADER OF
AN ELITE SPECIAL FORCES TEAM.
SOMETHING HAD
CRASH-LANDED ON EARTH,
AND WE WERE THE GUYS SENT
TO PICK UP THE PIECES.
WHAT WAS IT?
OUR INTEL WAS VAGUE,
BUT OUR MISSION DIRECTIVES
WERE CRYSTAL-CLEAR:
RECOVER THE ITEM
AND DON'T ASK QUESTIONS.
THE MATTER WAS CONSIDERED
HIGHLY CLASSIFIED.
CLASSIFIED?
Viper: THE ORDERS WERE SIMPLE,
BUT CARRYING THEM OUT
PROVED DIFFICULT.
SOMETHING HIT US,
AND WHEN I AWOKE,
I FOUND THAT OUR TRANSPORT
WAS HEAVILY DAMAGED.
MY TEAM WAS BADLY INJURED,
SO I CONTINUED ON ALONE.
I HAD NEVER FAILED
A MISSION,
AND I WASN'T PLANNING
ON STARTING NOW.
AFTER WALKING FOR HOURS,
I FINALLY REACHED
THE TARGET'S COORDINATES.
I WASN'T SURE
WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR,
BUT SOMETHING INSIDE ME
TOLD ME I WAS CLOSE.
I COULD FEEL THE PRESENCE
OF SOMETHING EXTREMELY POWERFUL.
AND THEN,
IT CALLED OUT TO ME.
Boy of Light:
PLEASE. HELP ME, VIPER.
IT KNEW MY NAME.
SAVE ME, AND I PROMISE
I'LL GIVE YOU ANYTHING
YOU WANT,
EVEN...THE ONE YOU MISS.
QUIET!
I KNOW YOU WANT
TO SEE HIM AGAIN.
HIM WHO?
WHO'S HIM?
Syrus: ANYBODY ELSE
AS CONFUSED AS I AM?
Viper: THE CREATURE PROMISED
TO BRING BACK MY SON.
PEARSE!
I COULD SEE HIM RIGHT
IN FRONT OF ME,
AND THEN HE WAS GONE.
FOR REAL?
THAT'S RIGHT.
I ONCE HAD A FAMILY,
AND I FOUND IT IN
THE MOST UNLIKELY OF PLACES.
IT WAS ONE OF
MY FIRST TOURS OF DUTY.
MY SQUAD AND I WERE EVADING
CAPTURE FROM THE ENEMY.
WE WERE HEADING
TO OUR RENDEZVOUS POINT
TO BE AIRLIFTED TO SAFETY.
IT WAS THEN THAT I HEARD
A BABY CRYING,
SO I BROKE FORMATION TO SEE
WHERE IT WAS COMING FROM.
BUT WHILE I WAS GONE,
MY TEAM WAS AMBUSHED
AND TAKEN CAPTIVE.
I SAVED THIS CHILD
AT THE COST OF MY MEN,
SO I MADE A VOW
TO ALWAYS PROTECT HIM.
A BOND HAD BEEN CREATED
THAT WOULD LAST A LIFETIME,
OR SO I THOUGHT.
WHOA!
THESE DUEL MONSTER CARDS
ARE AWESOME!
CAN WE PLAY
A QUICK GAME, DAD?
AS SOON AS I GET HOME
FROM WORK, YOU BETCHA!
DON'T LOSE TRACK
OF THOSE CARDS NOW.
YES, SIR,
ANYTHING YOU SAY!
THANK YOU, DADDY!
HA HA!
OH! WHOA, NO!
Viper: AND SOON THE WINDS
OF FATE CHANGED, TOO,
AND MY SON BECAME
VERY ILL.
AND NOW
THIS STRANGE CREATURE
WAS GIVING ME THE CHANCE
TO GET MY BOY BACK.
I COULDN'T SAY NO,
NO MATTER WHAT I HAD TO DO.
Boy of Light: IT'S TRUE.
WE BECAME THE BEST
OF FRIENDS THAT DAY.
THAT THING HE FOUND
WAS YOU, WASN'T IT?
YES, AND MY NEW FRIEND
WAS TO DO MY BIDDING.
Viper: I AGREED TO HELP IT,
AND IT AGREED TO HELP ME!
YOU'VE BEEN SUCKING
ALL THIS ENERGY
FOR SOME CREATURE
TO BRING YOUR SON BACK?
HOW MANY MORE STUDENTS
ARE YOU WILLING
TO SACRIFICE FOR HIM?
JUST ONE MORE.
FOR, YOU SEE, MY PLAN
IS ALMOST COMPLETE.
JADEN IS THE LAST.
NOT GONNA HAPPEN, MATE!
THAT CREATURE'S GOT
YA THINKIN' FUNNY.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOIN'
RIGHT NOW.
YA GOTTA
BREAK FREE!
YEAH!
PSST!
SYRUS, LISTEN.
GET READY!
READY FOR WHAT?
I GOT MYSELF A PLAN!
WE'RE GONNA HELP
THE SARGE OUT!
YOU AND I ARE GONNA
TRY AND EVEN OUT
THE PLAYING FIELD.
YOU DISTRACT VIPER.
MMM?
AND I'LL PILE-DRIVE
THE POISON
OUTTA HIM.
Boy of Light:
THAT'S CHEATING!
ABORT THE MISSION!
SYRUS!
Jesse: THE SNAKES
HAVE GOT A HOLD
ON THOSE TWO!
LOOK OUT!
OH, NO!
DID I MENTION I'M
AFRAID OF SNAKES?
SIMMER DOWN THERE,
PRIVATE!
MIGHT BE A HOLOGRAM.
SORRY, FELLAS!
BUT SHIRLEY HAS
A DIFFERENT OPINION.
THANK YOU, SHIRLEY!
I LEFT THE BAYOU
TO GET AWAY
FROM THIS!
WATCH OUT!
Hassleberry:
UNLESS ANYONE HERE IS
A SNAKE CHARMER,
WE'RE ALL ABOUT
TO BE SNAKE CHOW!
ONCE I DEFEAT YOU,
YOUR DUEL ENERGY
WILL RESURRECT MY SON
AND WE'LL BE REUNITED!
NOW THEN,
LET'S FINISH
WHAT WE STARTED!
[THINKING]
IF ONLY I COULD
FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO DRAIN THIS SWAMP
OF HIS.
THEN MAYBE I COULD
SLITHER MY WAY OUT
OF THIS MESS.
[CHUCKLING]
[THINKING]
THE MORE LIFE POINTS
YOU LOSE,
THE MORE LIFE
MY SON REGAINS!
AND THE MORE YOU SUFFER,
THE HAPPIER IT WILL BE.
Boy of Light:
SOON YOU'LL HAVE
WHAT YOU DESIRE, VIPER.
NOW MAKE JADEN PAY
FOR WHAT HE DID TO ME.
WHAT'S THE HOLDUP?
HAVE MY SNAKES
CONSTRICTED YOUR MOVE?
NO WAY!
YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
SO GET READY,
'CAUSE NOW I'M GONNA
PLAY ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN!
AND SINCE HE'S ALL ALONE,
HIS ABILITY ACTIVATES,
WHICH ALLOWS ME
TO DRAW TWO MORE CARDS!
AND THE FIRST CARD
I PLAY IS BUBBLE ROD!
THIS GIVES MY ELEMENTAL HERO'S
ATTACK POINTS A BOUNCE!
AN 800-POINT BOUNCE!
WAY TA BUBBLE UP
THOSE ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW,
FOR THE SECOND CARD,
"R"-- RIGHTEOUS JUSTICE!
THANKS TO THIS, FOR EVERY
HERO MONSTER THAT I HAVE
IN PLAY ON THE FIELD,
I GET TO DESTROY ONE
OF YOUR SPELLS OR TRAPS!
ALL RIGHT!
WAY TO GO!
JADEN CAN DRAIN
THAT VENOM SWAMP
FOR GOOD!
[CHUCKLING]
SUCH A PREDICTABLE MOVE,
JADEN,
AND IT WON'T WORK.
NOW I PLAY...
SNAKE DEITY'S COMMAND!
WITH THIS TRAP,
I'LL SACRIFICE ONE VENOM
MONSTER TO MY GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN YOUR SPELL CARD
IS DESTROYED!
YOU SNAKE!
THANK YOU!
NOW, WITH ONE MORE
REPTILE MONSTER IN MY GRAVE,
VENOMINON'S ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE ONCE AGAIN!
I PLAY A FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR GO.
NOT JUST YET, JADEN.
OR DID YOU FORGOT
ABOUT MY VENOM SWAMP?
REMEMBER, AT THE END
OF EACH TURN,
IT CAN DRAIN YOUR MONSTER
OF 500 ATTACK POINTS!
AW, MAN!
POOR SARGE!
MY TURN! I DRAW!
VENOMINON!
ATTACK WITH FANGED VENOM!
OH, YEAH?!
TRY THIS ON
FOR SIZE!
I PLAY A TRAP.
AN OLD FRIEND
OF MINE KNOWN AS
A HERO EMERGES!
NOW YOU'RE FORCED
TO CHOOSE A RANDOM
CARD FROM MY HAND.
AND HERE'S
THE FUN PART--
IF YOU HAPPEN
TO PICK
A MONSTER CARD,
I CAN CALL IT
TO THE FIELD!
IF I MUST MAKE
A CHOICE, THE LEFT!
WELL, YA WIN SOME,
YA LOSE SOME!
YOU CHOSE A MONSTER.
GO, ELEMENTAL
HERO NEOS!
AND THERE'S MORE!
SINCE YOU DESTROYED
BUBBLE ROD
LAST ROUND,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD
FROM MY DECK!
OH, YEAH!
HE'S ON A ROLL NOW!
SY, HE'S STILL GOT
THAT FIELD SPELL!
HUH?
HE SPEAKS THE TRUTH.
NOW MY VENOM SWAMP
ATTACKS YOUR NEOS.
Syrus: NEO'S ATTACK
POINTS JUST GOT BIT!
[CHUCKLING]
NOTHING IS IMMUNE
TO MY SWAMP'S POISON.
IT'S OVER.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
IT'S MY MOVE!
I SUMMON NEO-SPACIAN
AQUA DOLPHIN!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!
CHECK OUT
MY NEO-SPACIAN EXTENT!
NOW, BY SENDING
MY AQUA-DOLPHIN
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
MY EXTENT SPELL CARD
ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
A LEVEL-FOUR MONSTER.
AND I'LL PLAY...
NEO-SPACIAN MARINE DOLPHIN!
WAY TO SEND IN
THE MARINES, JADEN!
HOO AH!
I'LL JOIN NEOS
AND MARINE DOLPHIN
WITH CONTACT FUSION...
TO CREATE THE ONE,
THE ONLY
ELEMENTAL HERO
MARINE NEOS!
WHAT A MONSTER!
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
HOW HE HELPS OUT!
LET ME SHOW YA HOW
HE'S GONNA HELP ME OUT.
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
LETS ME DESTROY A CARD
IN YOUR HAND.
SPLENDID.
IT APPEARS YOU DESTROYED
MY VENOM SNAKE,
WHICH MEANS VENOMINON
GETS MORE ATTACK POINTS!
LOOKS LIKE JADEN HAD
THE WRONG ATTACK
COORDINATES.
DON'T WORRY!
NEOS IS STILL STRONGER THAN
THAT SLIMY SERPENT OF HIS!
YOU KNOW IT!
MARINE NEOS,
ATTACK VENOMINON!
YES! HE DESTROYED IT!
THE KING HAS LEFT
THE BUILDING!
[CHUCKLING]
[LAUGHING]
HUH?
I'M AFRAID MY KING'S
REIGN OF TERROR IS
FAR FROM OVER!
SAY WHAT?
HE LIVES!
WATCH CLOSELY
AS MY VENOMINON
RECLAIMS HIS THRONE!
ALL THAT'S NEEDED IS
A SMALL SACRIFICE.
I REMOVE
ONE LOYAL SUBJECT
FROM PLAY,
AND VENOMINON RULES
THE SWAMP ONCE AGAIN!
HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE REVIVED AS WELL--
FIVE HUNDRED POINTS
FOR EACH REPTILE
IN MY GRAVE,
WHICH ADDS UP
TO YOUR TOTAL
DESTRUCTION!
JADEN'S GONNA PAY
FOR HOW HE WRONGED ME.
[THINKING]
WHAT DOES THIS THING HAVE
AGAINST JADEN?
AND WHAT DOES IT HAVE
TO DO WITH ME AND
THE CARD I'M AFTER?
WELL, I'LL GET
MY ANSWERS SOON ENOUGH.
VIPER THINKS
HE HAS ME CAPTURED,
BUT LITTLE DOES HE KNOW
THAT NOT TOO FAR
FROM HERE, I HAVE BACKUP!
AND THEY'RE JUST WAITING
TO RECEIVE THEIR ORDERS
FROM AN OLD FRIEND
OF MINE.
[CHUCKLING]
YOU DON'T SEEM TOO PLEASED
TO HAVE VENOMINON BACK.
THIS STINKS!
THAT KING OF HIS
DON'T KNOW WHEN
TO QUIT!
NOR DO I!
ONCE AGAIN YOUR TURN
HAS ENDED, JADEN,
WHICH MEANS
MY SWAMP STRIKES!
ATTACK HIS NEOS
AND DRAIN
HIS ATTACK POINTS!
MARINE NEOS!
HE'S BEEN SWAMPED!
I DRAW...
AND PLAY THE CARD
VENOM SHOT!
WITH THIS,
BY DISCARDING ONE SNAKE,
WHILE VENOMINON IS
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN STRIKE YOUR NEOS
WITH TWICE THE POISON,
AND THAT'S PRECISELY
WHAT I'M GOING TO DO!
OH, NO!
NO, NOT AGAIN!
OF COURSE, AFTER PLACING
MY VENOM SERPENT
INTO THE GRAVEYARD,
VENOMINON GAINS
AN ADDITIONAL 500
ATTACK POINTS!
NO WAY!
NOW HE'S
STRONGER THAN
JADEN'S MARINE!
Jim:
WATCH OUT, MATES.
HE'S GONNA TAKE
A CRACK AT HIM!
NOW GO, VENOMINON!
DESTROY MARINE NEOS
WITH FANGED VENOM!
HANG IN THERE, SARGE!
BITE YOUR TONGUE,
OR THEY'LL DO IT FOR YOU!
JADEN!
COME ON!
KEEP YOUR HEAD UP,
MATE!
IT AIN'T OVER YET!
NOT YET, BUT SOON ENOUGH,
YOU'RE THROUGH.
MY MISSION'S COMPLETE.
YOU WERE QUITE
THE CHALLENGE.
HA HA HA HA HA!
AS A CONSOLATION,
THERE'S SOMEONE WHO'D LIKE
TO SEE YOU AFTER THIS DUEL,
SOMEONE WHO'S HAD
THEIR EYE ON YOU
FOR QUITE SOME TIME.
HA HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
WHO COULD HE BE
TALKING ABOUT?
Boy of Light:
OH, DON'T WORRY, JADEN.
YOU'LL FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH,
BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING TO PAY
FOR DISCARDING ME THE WAY
YOU DID.
YOU'RE ABOUT
TO PAY DEARLY.
YOUR SUFFERING HAS
ONLY JUST BEGUN.
HA HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK
AT CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪